[HCE-2025] New endpoints for server upgrades (#33)
UK2group/thghosting-cilent: README.md

        string $periodEnd   = null  // Optional. And RFC3339/ISO8601 date-time string representing the end of period of the dataset. Defaults to one month before the start of today
    );
```
## Create IP Request
*Request a new IP address*

```php
    $thgHostingClient->bareMetalIpRequest(

>         int $serverId,  // ID of the SSD VPS Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        int $serverId,  // ID of the Bare Metal Server
```
